let's see where we actually what we've
got so far we have lamb percent of beef
madras chicken jalfrezi no tomorrow's
and gavin what's a king prawn what's
that French your easting serve you well
Peter what should I say yeah
would you go not about what's your the
lingo no she's got a pen friend Oh from
the door going can't speak a word of
English I'm just frying it whenever I
can
whatever words don't quite an adapter
tone I knew that's there well we're
getting an Indian what do you fail you
can burn up lamb bone up prom boner
mushroom rice bag of chips came in on a
nine poppadoms I'm just gonna stick it
on the table you know whoa right okay
what is it about group of people
ordering an Indian or Chinese or
something that is somehow unexpectable
to eat your own food that you order
yourself low why do we have to why we
all just stop because it's nice no it's
not not for me because I can guarantee
someone probably Stacy will have ordered
the korma am I wrong Mick am I wrong
no she is actually exactly right and in
my book a calmer is pointless is futile
I won't touch it but I can guarantee
that Pete's already eyeing up my bonus
am I wrong
Pete have you thought about my bonus
well yes then my bonus you want boner
order a boner that's why I bought a to
boners yeah it's the same last week I
went for a Chinese or Chinese is missus
they all dip it into mind going all
yours is really nice I'm like yes it is
that's why I ordered it in fact forget
it I want no part of it I'll order my
own I'll eat it in the car mouse it's
like i know ii do i like a sack of those
well please make
[Music]